Welcome back.
I want to quickly touch on the subject of what we call string concatenation.
Yes programmers love creating really complex names when concepts may not be as complex.
So what does string concatenation mean.
Well it simply means adding strings together so I can do.
Hello plus Andre and I've concatenated the string.
I've added two strings together.
So if I print this I get.
Hello.
ANDRE So if you ever hear people talk about string Coogan nation that's what they mean.
We're concatenate ing strings by the way.
What do you think will happen if I do.
Hello.
Plus
I click Run.
Hmm mm hmm.
That's not good is it I get type error must be string not int so it looks like string concatenation
only works with strings we'll explore that a little bit more in the next video.